Split Web export guide into class reference and the guide itself (#3326)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/platform/customizing_html5_shell.rst

:ref:`OS.get_executable_path() <class_OS_method_get_executable_path>` and defines the name of 
the automatically started main pack. The :js:meth:`engine.setExecutableName` method can be used
to override this value.

If your project requires some files to be available the moment it is loaded, you can preload
them by calling :js:meth:`engine.preloadFile` with a path to a file or by providing it an
``ArrayBuffer`` object. In case of ``ArrayBuffer``, or one of its views, a second argument must
be specified to define an internal path for the loaded resource.

Customizing the presentation
----------------------------
Several methods can be used to further customize the look and behavior of the game on your page.

By default, the first canvas element on the page is used for rendering. To use a different canvas 
element the :js:meth:`engine.setCanvas` method can be used. It requires a reference to the DOM 
element itself.

.. code-block:: js

    const canvasElement = document.querySelector("#my-canvas-element");
    engine.setCanvas(canvasElement);

If the width and the height of this canvas element differs from values set in the project settings, 

> it will  be resized on project start. This behavior can be disabled by calling :js:meth:`engine.setCanvasResizedOnStart`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it will be resized on project start. This behavior can be disabled by calling :js:meth:`engine.setCanvasResizedOnStart`.
```

If your game takes a lot of time to load, it may be useful to display a custom progression user 
interface. This can be achieved with :js:meth:`engine.setProgressFunc`, which allows to set up a 
callback function to be called regularly as the engine loads new bytes.

.. code-block:: js

    function printProgress(current, total) {
        console.log("Loaded " + current + " of " + total + " bytes");
    }
    engine.setProgressFunc(printProgress);

Be aware, that in some cases ``total`` can be ``0``, which means that it cannot be calculated.

If your game supports multiple languages, it may be good to use server-side logic to determine,
which languages a user may prefer. Method :js:meth:`engine.setLocale` allows to set a specific 
locale, provided you have a language code string. On server it can be taken from the 
``Accept-Language`` HTTP header, or determined by a GeoIP service.

Debugging
---------

> For debugging exported projects it may be useful to read standard output and error streams, generated 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To debug exported projects, it may be useful to read standard output and error streams generated 
```
